DORMITORY GUIDE MAP
HOSU WOMEN'S UNIVERSITY
ROME COFFEE SHOP
Yeong-ro.
I remember
when I first met you at Rome Coffee Shop.
When I saw you putting out your hands
to stop the match tower from collapsing…
To be honest,
I've had feelings for you since then.
If I were…
just an ordinary young man…
Wait!
Do you…
want to have…
I would have
asked you out on a date that day.
Then we…
would have become a couple, right?
ROME COFFEE SHOP
Going to the amusement park
and the movies with you…
I wanted…
to spend a long time with you.
How did I…
become someone who shouldn't
stay by your side?
But I never
regret meeting you.
Yeong-ro, you bloomed
flowers inside me who was so cold.
Thank you.
I'm leaving, but…
I will…
I'll remember you forever.
Yeong-ro.
I love you.